docs(cost-insights): document Snowflake query-attribution limitations (#9580)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/cost-insights.md

Where:
- `credits_per_query` - Cloud services, compute, and query acceleration credits attributed to the query. dbt sources this value from `QUERY_ATTRIBUTION_HISTORY`. For more information, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_attribution_history).      
- `price_per_credit` - Your Snowflake credit price (from Snowflake system tables when available, otherwise from your configured input or the default rate).

:::info Snowflake attribution limitations

> dbt attributes Snowflake costs at the query level using the `QUERY_ATTRIBUTION_HISTORY` view. Because of how Snowflake populates that view, some warehouse spend can't be attributed to a dbt model and won't appear in Cost Insights:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt attributes Snowflake costs at the query level using the [`QUERY_ATTRIBUTION_HISTORY`](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_attribution_history). Because of how Snowflake populates that view, some warehouse spend can't be attributed to a dbt model and won't appear in Cost Insights:
```

> - **Short-running queries**: Snowflake doesn't attribute per-query cost to queries that run in roughly 100 milliseconds or less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Short-running queries**: Snowflake doesn't attribute cost to queries that run in roughly 100 milliseconds or less.
```

> - **Adaptive Warehouses**: Queries run on Snowflake Adaptive Warehouses aren't included in `QUERY_ATTRIBUTION_HISTORY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Adaptive Warehouses**: Queries on [Snowflake Adaptive Warehouses](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/warehouses-adaptive) are not included in `QUERY_ATTRIBUTION_HISTORY`.
```

> As a result, Cost Insights totals can be _lower_ than the compute spend shown in your Snowflake billing dashboards. For more information, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_attribution_history#usage-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, Cost Insights totals may be _lower_ than the compute spend shown in your Snowflake billing dashboards. For more information, see the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/account-usage/query_attribution_history#usage-notes).
```
